# CryptoTill
Accept cryptocurrencies like cash

Introduction
============
This is a simple web page used for accepting bitcoin and altcoin payments.
While it is used for demonstration purposes of how cryptocurrencies can
be used to accept payment with several free WEBAPIs; it is used live at
http://khybertandoori.com for customers eating in.

ATTENTION! BEFORE TAKING PAYMENT!
===========================================================
Public addresses are created to accept crypto payments.
These are usually generated by wallets.
There is a section in the source file on on "Default Addresses".
PLEASE UPDATE THESE BEFORE ACCEPTING ANY PAYMENTS !
i.e. set them to the public addresses that you own and
know the private key to; otherwise the payment will be going
to an address that you don't own (!)

General Usage
==============
After entering an amount to charge a customer; the various cryptocurrency
amounts are determined using a live FX rate (via CoinMarketCap.com). The
FX rate and estimated fee is displayed. Fee's are based on jaxx.io's
static rates.

You must then select the desired amount of the crytpo the customer wishes
to pay in. A QR code will be displayed containing the cyrpto type, address
and amount (using Google Charts API).

Once the customer has scanned the QR code using their wallet app (e.g. jaxx.io),
we can check for payments using the "Check Blockchain For Payment" button, this
is provided by BlockCypher and by default they have a 200 requests per hour limit
at the time of writing.

The payment should then be in the unconfirmed list. Depending on the confirmation
time (Bitcoin 10 min, Ethereum 15 seconds, Dash/Litecoin 2-2.5 minutes at the time
of writing); the payment won't be confirmed until 6 confirmations. Aspects of
confirmation are outside the scope of this README; but please research this if
you are not familiar. There is a small chance one could be defrauded if taking
payment with 0 confirmations; however if you trust a regular customer; the risk
is substantially lowered.

If a customer is sending money to an already known address; the buttons
"View Payments" can be used to see such recent payments. No more of a customer
having to divulge long card numbers and 3 digit pins over the phone begrudgingly! \o/
